What is going on guys and welcome back.
So in this video we're going to be moving on with our header section.
OK.
So let's come here to general.
And here we have the header style so you can change the heterostyled to be anything you can change it
to be transparent.
So it is going to be transparent you can see that this is taking the color of this section right here
below.
So you can change the color you can change it to be top menu style to be top menu.
You can see how this is looking
OK.
And we have
we have our header Bartter Markham.
OK.
And we have before the logo menu position and after the low will we can position it after that.
So you can design this you can manage this everything.
OK.
But we'll be moving on with the.
Let's just skim your and see the full screen.
So the full screen you can see that the menu is going to look like this.
We have the tray here and then we have the menu right here.
We have the center.
So it's going to be the menu is going to be in the center.
OK.
And then we have the medium.
So this is the medium menu right here.
And then we have the vertical support vertical is also a new style that is going on nowadays.
I can see what it will look good on the personal websites but you can go with this.
You can change your look.
I'll show you later on how you can change more log.
So I'm going to be using the minimally normal one.
OK.
And here we go.
Now what I'm going to do I'm just going to move on with the background color so Bactrim color is going
to be blue.
Another full blue.
I need it to be displayed.
It's OK.
The border color.
Let's just go to the top Barbie here.
OK.
Let's go to General and we have the watercooler right here.
I'm going to go to a default one.
OK.
Let's follow the normal colors so there should be no border.
I'm going to just increase the color of this so there should be some off the gobbing between it.
OK.
This is now fully blue right here.
I'm going to go back KHRAIS here.
Go back and let's go to the header section.
And in the letter for general the border bottom color it should be there should be no color.
Let's go back and then we have the head of media so we don't want to add any of the video right here.
There should be no head or image position.
Just go back.
OK.
Then we have the logo so we don't want to add any logo right here OK.
And then we have the manual section right here so you can see that it says select.
So you can what were the top level trub down icon second level drop down icon.
Then we have the positions we can align any where we want.
And then we have the link effect as well underlying from left underline up brackets.
So you can see that we can go with the link effect as well.
If I just print memos here you can see how this is changing.
So you can customize this completely and this is.
This looks seriously amazing.
The small small things and small small effects you have on your side.
Seriously guys it's going to be so amazing and your viewers who are coming to you and say they're going
to love it.
So you can see you can see this effect.
This effect I'm going to love for this effect.
OK.
Then we have Xmarks disbarred.
OK
so one on one I want this to be
what does the backlighting let's just view this as well and then let's see.
This looks cool as well but I want just to underline.
So
Or what does a circular reveal.
No.
OK.
I want this to be underlined from left
Underline looks cool.
OK.
I'm going to go down.
And then we have the main styling so we can go over the left right batting big soles.
You can change it.
You can see how this is looking.
I'm going to use the default one that is 15 and then I have the link collar.
So my link is going to be white ok and if someone brings this mouse it should turn into block.
Like that.
De-link effect Kular should be turned to black
cool.
Now you can see you.
You should be understanding this very very much.
You should be understanding this because how everything is changing.
The link effect colors changing and everything is changing to black and you can already see that how
amazing this is looking.
OK.
I am going to go to a link color current menu item.
So if any any link is selected then it should be the current menu item.
OK let me just published this right here.
OK.
And if I just come here then the current menu item should be turned to full block.
OK I can see that this is the current menu item that is why it is full black.
You can change it to be like crazy or anything.
Or if you want this to be created can also be turned to Krien.
I think black looks cool
OK.
Now always go down and then we have the dropdown styling.
What is this dropdown styling.
I'm going to show you.
OK.
Let me just publish this.
Let me just go to I deal dot com website
and here I want to go to the dashboard and let's go to the menus right here.
And let's go to the main our main menu one looks like this.
And here we have it.
So under this home I can add a new page and that is going to be about a are in the services.
So if I just save my this menu.
OK.
And then I just go back and view my website
and you can see how this is looking.
OK so this is how it is working.
Now you can change this as well.
So I'm going to go ahead I'm going to refresh this so that we can actually see what you're doing.
OK.
It is taking some time to load.
And now what I have to do I have to go to my header section right again and I want to go to the menu.
And here we have the dropdown dialing so for the background color it should be blue
de
link color should be white.
And
link color holders should turn to black addling background color should be should remain
should remain low.
Yes.
OK.
So this is how it is where I can you can see
OK this looks cool like color current menu item and link Bactrim current anyway.
So then we have the search icon style.
So search like on sale is coming as a drop down.
So you can change this bill like disable you can disable it and it's going to be removed.
The search if you don't want any search icon.
You can also go with the head every place.
OK how this is going to work.
This is also a trade effect you can see how this is looking so and you can also go with the overlay.
OK so I think I don't need any of the search bar right here because this is a portfolio website so I
didn't think so I need it.
OK.
I'm going to go down on we have dropped down categories so we don't want to work with this right now.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish and I want to go to
that type of fee the logo and the change the color.
So how I'm going to change descaler right here.
OK.
I basically need to go to the header section again.
Let's go to the logo and Hiran.
OK so for a logo.
I think I should be moving on with this to be white and if someone brings this mouse it should turn
to black
or I think it should be black and if someone brings this mouse it should turn to White cool.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right now.
And let's view our Web site.
So I'm going to go to iTunes seal dot com.
OK.
And this is how my web site is looking.
This is my name right here.
This is my number.
This is my e-mail address and this is my services section so I can change it anywhere I want.
I can change I can change this tag to store bar I can change anything.
You guys I already know about it if I just go to blog and you can see the blog page is going to be black
and this is how it is working.
So now we are totally done with this in the next video will be moving on with the content section finally.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
Stadion and Buh-Bye.